text changes, table additions, reference fixes after PNAS review (#20)
greenelab/nature_news_manuscript: content/02.introduction.md

While disparities in representation may go unnoticed in a single article, analyzing a large corpus of articles can identify and quantify these disparities and help guide institutional and individual self-reflection.
In the same vein as previous media studies [@doi:10.1177/0003122415596999; @doi:10.1080/1461670X.2013.834149; @doi:10.1177/0163443711418272; @doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0148434; @https://www.poynter.org/reporting-editing/2013/lack-of-female-sources-in-new-york-times-stories-spotlights-need-for-change; @https://whomakesthenews.org/gmmp-2015-reports], we sought to quantify gender and regional differences of journalism beyond the existing demographic differences in the scientific field.
Our study focused solely on science journalism, specifically content published by _Nature_.
Since _Nature_ also publishes primary research articles, we used these data to determine the demographics of the expected set of possible sources.

> This is not a perfect comparator since journalists will not cover every story presented in the journal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not a perfect comparator since journalists will not cover every research article presented in the journal.
```

> However, we assume that it is a reasonable baseline since large deviations could indicate a source of journalistic bias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we assume it is a reasonable baseline and that large deviations are worthy of investigation as reflecting potential journalistic biases.
```
